(graphcahce) - fix resolver types (#927)
FormidableLabs/urql: .changeset/hungry-cycles-kiss.md

---
'@urql/exchange-graphcache': patch
---

> Fix typings for resolvers, this allows for an object return with "\_\_typename", ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix return type for resolvers to allow data objects to be returned with `__typename` as expected
```
